- [laughing evilly]
[eerie whisper]
- [gasps]
[tense music]
♪ ♪
[breathing heavily]
[footsteps approaching]
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
[screeching]
- Henry. what are you doing?
- Mom. I saw him.
- Hey. it’s okay.
- I saw him move.
and I heard his voice.
He whispered to me in the dark.
- What did he say?
- He said we’re
all going to die.
♪ ♪
- Henry. sweetheart.
come out of there.
Let’s get back to bed.
Now. listen to me.
No one is going to die.
And we talked about this.
didn’t we. Henry?
There’s no such thing as ghosts.
- But when Nana died.
you said she left her body
and went to heaven.
That’s a ghost.
- That’s different.
- What about Jesus?
He’s a ghost. the Holy Ghost.
It says so in the Bible.
- Henry. I know moving
into a new house
can be a little scary.
especially a house
as big and old as this.
but you’ll get used to it.
I promise.
- Well. at least
there’s one good thing.
- And what’s that?
- At least Joseph is here.
- What?
♪ ♪
- To protect me from the ghost.
- [sighs. chuckles softly]
Right.
Well...
[clears throat]
there...
you go.
- Joseph says
that sometimes a ghost
might be hiding in the last
place you’d ever suspect.
- Well. Joseph is wrong.
There’s no such thing as ghosts.
just like there’s no such thing
as talking dolls.
They’re all just a part
of our imagination. right?
- Miss Cunningham says I have
a very active imagination.
- A little too active.
- Can we come in and sleep
with you and Dad again tonight?
- Henry.
- Just for tonight?
- Henry. we talked about this.
You’re a big boy now.
You got this. okay?
- Okay.
Good night. sweetheart.
- Don’t forget Joseph.
- Good night. Joseph.
- Leave it on.
[door creaking]
♪ ♪
We’ve got this. Joseph.
- We sure do.
♪ ♪
[Henry screams]
[playful spooky music]
♪ ♪
[dramatic music]
- Where’s the backup?
- Should have kicked
in immediately.
- Anything like this
ever happened before?
- Once in ’15. Obama
was in the Oval.
1:00 in the afternoon. didn’t
even realize what happened
till we came and got him.
- So it’s not that
big a deal. then?
- It’s a power outage
in the most secure house
in the world. Simms.
It’s a big deal. Get the kids.
- Roger that. right.
- Henry?
Henry?
- Coop. what’s going on?
- Potomac Power says no
one else in D. C. is affected.
It’s just us. Mr. President.
So we need to get you and your
family downstairs right now.
- Downstairs downstairs?
- Yeah. it’s just a precaution.
strictly protocol.
We’ll take
the elevator down. sir.
It’s on a backup generator.
- This ever happened before?
- Mommy. Joseph’s gone.
They took him.
- Who... who took him?
- The ghosts.
- They’re plural now.
- Ma’am. I’ll get the doll.
Why don’t you guys go
with Agent Simms?
And I’ll meet you
at the elevator.
- Thank you.
- Be careful Teddy.
- This way. ma’am.
- I’ll be right there.
♪ ♪
- [knocks on door]
Grant. it’s me.
- Yeah.
- Come on. we have to go.
- All right. come in.
- What the hell are you doing?
- [coughing]
- Give me that.
What’s it look like?
I’m sticking it to the man.
- We’re going to talk
about this later.
Now we have to go.
- Where are we going?
- Basement.
- The basement. why?
- Here. just have
a breath mint... you stink.
♪ ♪
[light clatter]
- Call Spence. then Melanie.
Tell them. uh. I’ll call them
on a hard line
once I get downstairs.
Tell Melanie
to prep a statement.
I don’t know.
Tell her to make something up.
Tell her I’ll fill in the blanks
once I know
what the hell is going on.
All right.
- What do you say. Henry?
- Thank you. Teddy.
- Oh. you’re very welcome. sir.
[dog panting]
♪ ♪
- We’re heading down.
[elevator whirs]
- Great. No Wi-Fi.
What?
[sighs]
So how far down is it?
- Five stories underground.
- We. like. under attack
or something?
- Of course not.
This is just a precaution.
Strictly routine.
- How do you know that?
- Coop told me.
- I’m sure it’s nothing. ma’am.
- It’s the ghost.
This house is haunted.
- Henry.
[dog growls. barking]
- Sorry. he’s a little anxious.
- [growling. barks]
- Mommy!
- I’m right here. honey.
- Everybody stay calm.
- Ow!
[lights click. elevator whirs]
♪ ♪
Bad boy.
- [growls]
- Roger that.
- Going back upstairs?
- Yes. sir. Power’s back on.
Everything’s fine.
You can all go back to bed.
♪ ♪
- ♪ No... no... nobody
can stop me ♪
- Hey. it’s Jake.
I want to thank you guys
for your support.
your messages. your prayers.
They really mean a lot
to me. Devon. and Lexy.
We’re doing better.
We’re all finding
our own ways to cope.
Mine’s been to focus on my art.
♪ ♪
- I’ve always been
the kind of boy
who likes to play with dolls.
but I’m not a kid anymore.
Time to put away
childish things.
This is going to be
my final piece in this genre.
my last word on the subject...
An exposé on the darkness
behind the innocent facades
of the most popular
mass-marketed dolls
of the last 100 years.
The horror that is Kewpie.
Barbie. Raggedy Ann and Andy.
Chatty Cathy. Baby Nancy.
Cabbage Patch. American Girl.
But as you can see.
the last doll I really
need to finish this
and. well. to finally move on
with my life.
you guessed it... Good Guy.
Problem is there doesn’t
seem to be any left.
I haven’t been able
to find one anywhere.
No one has for over a year.
But I heard a rumor there still
might be one more out there.
And I’d be willing to pay.
So. if anyone sees
this Good Guy doll
or even hears about it.
please get in touch.
I really need to get
my hands on that doll.
[epic music]
- Good morning. everyone.
All: Good morning.
- Okay.
The White House experienced
a brief power outage last night
from 11:48 p. m.
Until 12:05 a. m.
The problem was apparently
a mechanical malfunction.
but the power
has been fully restored.
and the president’s schedule
has not been affected.
Now. moving on to
the crime bill.
[reporters shouting]
- Speaker. question.
- Gretchen?
- Has Homeland Security
ruled out the possibility
of criminal or
terrorist-related activity
or espionage?
- We’re still looking
into the exact nature
of the malfunction.
- So you don’t really
know what went wrong?
- Not yet. but the president
and his family
were never
in any serious danger.
- But isn’t it true
the situation
was considered serious enough
to move the First Family down
to the bunker?
- Uh...
- The president’s son
did a TikTok on it.
[laughter]
- Yeah. of course.
Um. I’d characterize
the incident
as a serious inconvenience
and annoyance to the family.
but. yes.
as a matter of protocol.
steps were taken to escort them
to the Presidential
Emergency Operations Center.
But the power was restored
before that became necessary.
- Would you say that
this incident could point
to larger concerns about
security in the White House
and. by extension.
the nation as a whole?
- James Collins
was elected on a platform
of unprecedented transparency.
The American people have seen
every tax form. phone record.
every report card dating back
to the president’s
halcyon days in kindergarten
at PS 22 in Jersey City.
As this nation’s
first duly elected
independent commander in chief.
he’s beholden to no political
party or corporate agenda.
President Collins has vowed
to heal this nation
and bring us together
after years of division
and partisanship.
So if there are ever
any concerns about security
or anything else. I assure you.
you and everyone else
in this room
will be the first
to know about it.
Okay. let’s get back
to that crime bill.
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪
- No more TikTok.
- You can’t censor me. Mom.
not when you’re married
to President Transparency.
- Stop calling your father that.
This isn’t the same
as exposing my hideous taste
in drapes in the East Room.
- Hmm.
Well. "Architectural Digest"
must have agreed with me.
because they reposted that.
- Grant. we’re speaking
here about matters
of national security.
- Mom. the drapes
aren’t that bad. okay?
I just think that if you’re
going to brand yourself
as President Transparency
and you basically sell off
the family’s privacy
to win an election.
you got to take
the bad with the good.
And I’m sure Dad would agree
with me on that. right. Dad?
- You don’t leave me
with much of a choice.
- Oh. and let me remind you.
um. I will be old enough
to vote in the next election.
- Yeah. I’ll alert the media.
- Hey. listen to this.
- Hmm?
- "William Henry Harrison
was the first president
"to die in the White House.
"His ghost is said
to haunt the attic.
"And Dolley Madison
supposedly haunts
"the Rose Garden in springtime.
protecting the buds
from an early frost."
- Henry. where did
you get that book?
- From the gift shop
on the tour downstairs.
"The most notorious ghosts
in the White House
"involve
President Abraham Lincoln
"and his family.
"Mary Lincoln believed
the White House was haunted
"by the ghost of her son Willie.
who died tragically
of typhoid in 1862."
♪ ♪
What’s typhoid?
- A disease people got
here in D. C.
From all the contaminated water.
- Grant.
- [slurps]
- How old was he...
the president’s son.
when he died?
- 11.
Um. gosh. I’m late.
I have a meeting
with the decorator.
Henry. give me that book.
Thank you.
- Daddy. Joseph doesn’t want to
come to school with me today.
He wants to go to work with you.
He wants to see the Oval Office.
- Have fun.
♪ ♪
- Okay.
- [coughs]
♪ ♪
- We were hacked.
- Russia?
North Korea?
- We don’t know yet.
It could be domestic.
It could be some resentful
loner with rage issues
working out
of his parents’ basement.
- Did they get anything?
- So far. it looks
like the breach didn’t get
beyond the power grid.
- What did they want?
- Possibly just to see
if they could do it.
- Or possibly to get a peek
behind the curtain.
see how everything works.
plan future attacks.
- How does this happen here?
- We need to check our seals.
We may have a leak.
- In the White House?
- How are we going
to message this?
- We can’t message this.
No. we can’t let this get out.
We keep it between us.
- Spence. that’s not
very vice presidential of you.
We are not going to bury this.
We’re certainly not
going to message this.
We’re going to tell
people the truth.
We were hacked.
- The United States government
was hacked?
- It’s not exactly
unprecedented.
Our numbers will survive.
- [chuckles wryly]
So. Mr. President.
who is your new bodyguard?
- That’s Henry’s.
Yeah.
He asked me to bring it
to work today.
Guess what his name is.
What’s your name?
- Hi. I’m Joseph. and
I’m your friend till the end.
Hidey-Ho!
Ha ha ha.
- Oh.
[scoffs]
- It’s just...
It’s a weird coincidence.
Henry finding a doll
with that name.
Anyway...
[knock at door. door opens]
- Mr. President. your 11:00
is waiting in the East Room.
- Thank you. Samantha.
Can’t keep the governor
of Rhode Island waiting.
Thank you.
♪ ♪
[door opens. closes]
[exciting rock music]
♪ ♪
- Okay.
You asked for it.
♪ ♪
So here it is.
If I have to stoop
to thirst-trap TikToks
twice a day...
- ♪ ’Cause you know
that I can ♪
- If this is
what it’s going to take
for me to find my sister...
♪ ♪
Congratulations. everyone.
You fucking win.
♪ ♪
Okay?
[breathing heavily]
So. now that I got
your attention.
last year on Christmas Eve...
[holiday music]
My mother
was murdered in cold blood.
[Chucky laughing]
My sister Caroline
was kidnapped.
[tires squealing]
I miss them both
more than I can say.
This is the most
recent picture of her.
So. if anyone has any intel
on her whereabouts.
please contact me.
[sighs] And. Caroline.
if you’re watching.
I love you.
I’m going to find you. and I’m
going to bring you home.
And the most important thing...
Be very. very careful
with that doll.
[school bell ringing.
indistinct chatter]
- Hey. Henry. where’s your doll?
- Bradley. this is Teddy.
He’s my Secret Service agent.
He’s basically my bodyguard.
So. you know. don’t even think
of pulling any crap.
- [chuckles]
You think that’s a good idea?
Don’t you want to make friends?
- I have you. You’re my friend.
- Yeah. I am.
But. Henry. you need friends
that you can talk to
and play with. go to when
you’re feeling sad and scared.
- Like I do with you and Joseph.
- Yeah. but someone
your own age...
real.
You remind me of my son Malcolm.
- Does Malcolm have
a Good Guy doll?
- Well. he’s more
of a sports guy.
but he’s a good kid. smart kid.
big heart. just like you.
- Joseph’s got a big heart. too.
At night.
when I listen really close.
I can hear it beating.
[eerie music]
♪ ♪
[siren whoops]
[door closes]
♪ ♪
[indistinct chatter]
- Sam. who’s my next victim?
- Your wife.
You’re going over color swatches
up in the residence.
Remember?
- Yes. okay.
- You’re already late.
- Yeah. I just. uh. need
a minute.
[suspenseful music]
♪ ♪
- Henry come by the office?
- Uh. no. sir.
He’s en route home from school
as we speak.
- Who was in there?
- Um. Spence came back
for his briefcase.
Melanie was with him.
Coop did his sweep.
And me.
Why?
- Who’s the comedian?
- Excuse me?
- Never mind.
Coop. let’s go.
- Yes. sir.
[playful spooky music]
♪ ♪
- Can we get a smoothie?
- Henry. what’s wrong?
- I don’t want to go in.
I’m scared.
- Henry...
you have to cut
this shit out. okay?
You’re freaking out Mom and Dad.
- Teddy believes me.
Don’t you. Teddy?
- You shouldn’t encourage him.
♪ ♪
[wind whistling eerily]
- No. it’s not blue.
It’s seafoam.
- Okay.
I like it.
- N-no. they’re...
They’re too dark.
- Charlotte...
- [sighs]
- We’ve been here for months.
If you don’t make a decision.
you could miss your window
of opportunity.
- Don’t be so pessimistic.
"The Post" said just
the other day.
you’re going to be a two-termer.
- Oh.
That’s what "The Post" said?
Well. then no rush.
- You don’t understand.
Jackie and Betty and Michelle
all set a very high bar.
I mean. everybody
is watching me.
Our son is watching me.
I just need to get it right.
- Hey. come here.
[soft music]
I just don’t want you
to put too much pressure
on yourself. okay?
Give yourself a break.
- I need to keep busy. James.
just like you.
♪ ♪
- I know.
- Dad. where’s Joseph?
- He’s in your room.
And I think he found the
Oval Office very interesting.
- Teddy. will you
sweep my room first?
- Happy to. sir.
- Hey.
[door closes]
[suspenseful music]
♪ ♪
[Chucky laughs evilly]
[running footsteps. door opens]
[Charlotte screams]
No!
- A lot of you
have posted questions
about what really happened
here in Hackensack
and at the School
of the Incarnate Lord.
[eerie screech]
Like at the now-infamous town
rally a couple of years ago.
how exactly did Junior Wheeler
sneak backstage.
decapitate our principal...
- [screams]
- And sneak back
into the audience
without anyone noticing?
Some of you have
also noticed a figure
from a lot of the footage
and pics from that time...
A Good Guy doll.
We all know the connection
that Good Guy dolls have
with Hackensack.
going all the way back to
the ’60s and Charles Lee Ray.
one of the most vicious
serial killers
of the late 20th century.
who was gunned down
in a Chicago toy store in ’88
and went on to become an even
more bizarre urban legend
than I bet he himself
could have originally imagined.
even in the darkest corners
of his twisted mind.
Some of you have also asked
the unthinkable.
Is there really a connection
between that doll
and all the murders?
What exactly
are we talking about here?
Look. I know you can’t just
take my word for it.
I know you’re all asking.
where’s the proof?
Where’s
the incontestable evidence?
Well. I-I hear you.
I get it.
Rest assured.
I’m still on that case.
Right now I have a date with
the hottest guy in Hackensack.
So. until next time. everyone
keep your eyes peeled.
Our suspect is two feet tall.
has red hair. blue eyes.
and should be considered
armed and extremely dangerous.
[sirens wailing]
[indistinct chatter
over police radio]
[dramatic music]
- I’ll make a short statement
before answering your questions.
This afternoon at 4:12 p.m.
Eastern Standard Time
in a bedroom
of the White House residence.
a Secret Service agent
discharged his weapon.
The agent in question was alone
at the time of the incident.
and he fired a single shot.
mortally wounding himself
in the process.
The First Family was elsewhere
in the residence
at the time of the shooting.
They are all safe and request
that you respect their privacy
in this time of grief.
I’ll now take your questions.
- Ms. Spiegel. Ms. Spiegel.
- Uh. yes. gentleman
in the back.
- This agent committed suicide?
- Metropolitan Police
are investigating
if it could be an accident.
But. yes. it appears this
tragedy was self-inflicted.
- President Collins has
positioned this administration
as one of utmost transparency.
But given this scandal...
Forgive me. this tragedy...
Will the president honor
his promise to be completely
and totally forthcoming?
- The president feels that
difficult times such as these
are exactly when openness
and honesty are needed most.
Next question.
[reporters clamoring]
♪ ♪
[camera shutter clicking]
[indistinct chatter]
♪ ♪
- Teddy left me.
- Hey.
Teddy would have done
anything for you.
He just...
he got sick.
and we didn’t know about it.
None of us knew.
Or we would have helped him.
- Is Teddy going to come
back and haunt me. too?
♪ ♪
What about Joseph?
When can I have him back?
- Oh. not yet. sweetheart.
They need to do their job first.
And we’ll get your doll.
- Okay. listen to me.
You’ve got to be brave.
all right. buddy?
We’re going to get through this.
All right?
[indistinct chatter]
♪ ♪
- Joseph!
Where am I going to sleep?
- Your brother is going
to bunk with you tonight.
- That’s okay.
I don’t mind.
I think we both
could use the company.
- And what if I asked
how you were holding up?
- Ah. come on. Hicks.
Don’t start worrying
about me now.
- Oh. believe me. I wouldn’t.
but it’s technically my job.
and I have a condo to pay off.
- Right.
Yeah. that condo.
- Speaking of. were you...
trying to get me fired
the other night?
- Yeah. thanks
for not ratting me out.
It’s very. like.
cool-substitute-teacher vibes...
- This isn’t
a joking matter. Grant.
I’m serious.
You’re putting me
in a really tough spot.
But I guess. uh...
you’re in a tough spot.
too. right?
♪ ♪
- Can you imagine if my parents
knew I smoked weed
here in these venerated halls
of American history?
Heads up.
- I’d rather not.
[chuckles]
[water bubbling]
♪ ♪
- Maybe it’s
a little undignified.
but at least
there’s still something secret.
intimate between us.
even when nothing else
in our lives is private.
not even our grief.
- Teddy?
- Yeah.
- [sighs]
- I just keep thinking
about his wife. his kids.
what they’re going through.
James. I can’t imagine what
this is going to do to Henry.
- We’re here for Henry.
We’re here for each other.
- What about that doll?
Both: Mm.
- Are we doing the right thing
letting him get
so attached to it?
- Henry lost his brother.
And he lost Teddy.
Nothing we can do to fix that.
I mean. it’s...
It’s never going to heal.
So. if some doll
gives him any sort
of comfort. then...
who are we to take that
from him?
- You’re stoned. aren’t you?
[acoustic guitar music]
♪ ♪
- Elio. Elio. Elio.
- [smooches. chuckles]
Oliver. Oliver. Oliver.
♪ ♪
- Are you nervous?
- ♪ You don’t feel it now ♪
- Oh. are we doing
"Titanic" now?
Well. Jack. I’m a bit worried
about that iceberg up ahead.
- Don’t worry.
I made room for you
on my floating door.
♪ ♪
[sighs] No. but. seriously.
are you nervous?
- Terrified.
- [sighs] Me too.
- [sighs] Thank God.
- Do you want to stop?
- Fuck it.
We’re ready.
- Fuck. I love you.
♪ ♪
[cell phone chimes. vibrates]
[both sigh heavily]
- Not now.
- ♪ For a moment ♪
- Devon. check your phone.
- I think it’s Chucky.
- "Still looking
for a Good Guy doll?
"I know where you can find one.
[sighs]
Amazingly lifelike."
- "Looking for your sister?
Maybe I can help.
I’m great with little kids."
- Mine just says
"fuck you. Devon."
[cell phone rings]
- Hello?
- [chuckling evilly]
You know. Jake...
you have
a beautiful telephone voice.
[chuckles]
♪ ♪
- Chucky.
- You bitches miss me?
- Yeah. we missed you.
Tell us where you are.
and we’ll come visit right now.
- Nah. you know me.
I’m more of a hide-and-seek
kind of a guy.
[chuckles]
Besides. my new place
is pretty strict about visitors.
- Okay. Chucky.
you want to play?
Let’s play. but give us a clue.
- I just did.
[suspenseful music]
♪ ♪
- Okay. I wrote
this test last night.
Covers English. history.
geometry. biology.
I-I even threw in a little bit
of driver’s ed.
- You’re saying this
like it’s a good thing.
- Come on. guys. we are two
months into the school year.
We’ve barely cracked a book.
I need to know where you’re at.
educationally speaking.
[sighs]
With everything that happened.
all of the classes
you’ve missed. I just...
I don’t want you to end up...
[sighs]
- Falling behind?
- Stupid.
Now. eyes on your own papers.
Call me when you’re done.
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪
- You think we should tell her
Chucky’s back?
- So she can add it to the test?
- We can’t.
It’s too dangerous.
I mean. she’s done everything
she can to help us.
The least we can do
is try to protect her.
- Hey. I can hear you
whispering in there.
Less chatty. more testy.
[thunder rumbles. rain falling]
- None of us face
the pain of loss alone.
We are lifted up by community.
We lean on our loved ones.
And we let Him carry us
during times of unease.
As we celebrate the life
of Theodore Brooks.
we can take comfort in Psalm 23.
[camera shutters clicking]
Yea. though I walk
through the valley
of the shadow of death.
I will fear no evil.
Good men.
men of honor like Teddy.
need never fear evil.
For he shall dwell in
the House of the Lord forever.
Amen.
♪ ♪
- Ready...
aim. fire.
[gunshots]
- [gasps]
Ready...
aim. fire.
[gunshots]
Ready. aim. fire.
♪ ♪
[indistinct chatter]
- Pulled those bank statements
you asked for.
♪ ♪
- Just wondering if you wanted
to broadcast that any louder?
♪ ♪
- Your Secret Service friend
up there...
Totally clean. no red flags.
- How about large
cash withdrawals?
Maybe he had a habit.
- Ah. he’s a Boy Scout.
He was always a Boy Scout.
What... what do you expect?
- Any big purchases at all?
Something besides milk
and preschool?
- Yeah. kind of.
A couple of days before he died.
he put a down payment
on a cruise line...
Trip to Alaska with his wife.
- You’re on a government
salary. two young kids.
would you put money down
on an expensive trip
if you already had your bags
packed for the great beyond?
- You know what?
The less I know. the better.
♪ ♪
- [sighs]
- Okay. so what do
we have on Chucky?
- Honestly. nothing.
We’ve scoured the Internet
and all of Hackensack
for almost a year and found
literally no sign of him.
If Chucky hadn’t called us.
we’d have nothing at all.
- The phone call
is the one clue we do have.
You saw the number right?
It was all zeros.
- Yeah.
- I did some digging.
Let’s say you want to block
your number. easy.
But what if you’re so private.
so important...
- Wait. How important?
Like Zendaya?
- So important
that you can make it
like your number
doesn’t even exist at all?
- So who are we talking about...
Like. the government?
- Exactly.
I looked it up. And the only
people with that kind of power
are. like. the Pentagon
and the CIA.
- So. um. would you say
we did pretty good?
- Pretty well.
- We did?
- [sighs] God. no. I was just
correcting your grammar.
Unfortunately. you guys
are way behind your peers.
We have a lot
of catching up to do.
But fret not.
I am going to mold
those squishy little minds
into founts of knowledge.
- Sounds a little painful.
- I’m going to go start
on a lesson plan...
and a glass of wine.
♪ ♪
- Holy shit.
- since Joseph Collins’
tragic death last winter
and the first-ever
apparent suicide.
A sadly historic situation.
indeed.
The First Family now returning
to the White House
from the departed agent’s
memorial service.
- White House.
Chucky in the White House?
How did he even get in there?
What does he want?
- What does he always want?
♪ ♪
- Okay. so...
so we’ll go there.
We’ll go to D. C..
and we’ll stop him.
- We can’t get in there.
It’s the White House.
- I don’t care
if it’s the fucking moon.
He knows where my sister is.
- Lexy’s right.
We need to find Caroline.
And if Chucky can weasel
his way in there. so can we.
♪ ♪
- We’re going to kill
Chucky. guys...
once and for all.
- Again.
- Yeah.
>>>>oakislandtk
www.opensubtitles.org
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm